<!--
    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
-->
        
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:tr="http://myfaces.apache.org/trinidad">

    The panelList component outputs each visible child in a list with a bullet next to it.
    The list can be split into columns. This is done by setting the &quot;rows&quot; attribute. This is the multiple
    of children at which to add another column. For example, if the &quot;rows&quot; attribute was set to 6 then if
    there were 1-6 visible children there would be one column, 7 to 12 visible children there would be 2 columns,
    and 13+ visible children would be shown in 3 columns. The number of columns is determined by the value set for
    &quot;maxColumns&quot; attribute. So if there were 100 visible children with &quot;rows&quot; set to 30 and
    &quot;maxColumns&quot; was set to 3 children, there will be 3 columns (and 34 rows). If &quot;rows&quot;
    attribute is not specified, all visible contents will be in one column. The &quot;maxColumns&quot; that can be
    set is dependent on the type of Agent. If the value set for &quot;maxColumns&quot; is greater than the default
    for the agent, then it is defaulted. The default maxColumns value is 2 for the PDA. Children are not
    displayed/rendered if value of &quot;maxColumns&quot; or &quot;rows&quot; is less than one. The split is based
    solely on the number of visible children and not on their size.
    
</ui:composition>
