<!--
    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
-->
        
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:tr="http://myfaces.apache.org/trinidad">

    The panelFormLayout lays out input form controls, such that their labels and fields line up vertically. It supports multiple columns, and also supports a footer facet.

    <br/>

    Usually, this component will simply contain labelled Apache Trinidad input components in its main content - these are inputText, inputFile, inputColor, inputListOfValues,
    inputDate, selectBooleanCheckbox, selectBooleanRadio, selectOneChoice, selectOneListbox, selectOneRadio,
    selectManyCheckbox, and selectManyListbox. These components must have their &quot;simple&quot; attribute set to
    false, which is the default, and will cause the labels and fields inside the panelFormLayout to be aligned
    vertically."/>

    <tr:spacer height="12px"/>

    <tr:outputText value="When more complex field contents are needed, use a panelLabelAndMessage around the more
        complex contents needed; see the example below. "/>

    <tr:spacer height="12px"/>

    <tr:outputText value="Other components can be added to panelFormLayout, but they will not line up with labels
        and fields automatically, and each will appear on its own row. You can use other panel components - like
        panelHorizontal - to get some level of layout within a row, but to align contents with the other labels and
        fields, use panelLabelAndMessage or the &quot;footer&quot; facet. "/>

    <tr:spacer height="12px"/>

    <tr:outputText value="The panelFormLayout is an example of one of the components that has support for grouping
        its children components. If you place panelFormLayout child items inside of a group, separators will be drawn
        around the group of form items if adjacent to other form items (separators won't be drawn at the top if the
        group is the first item in the column or, similarly, at the bottom if the group is the last item in the column).
        Grouped panelFormLayout items are kept in the same column of the panelFormLayout even when the assigned rows
        attribute is set to a value smaller than the number of items in the group. The panelFormLayout component also
        supports the group component in its footer facet so you can place more than one item in the footer. You can even
        group footer items one additional time to get separators to appear. "/>

</ui:composition>
